Hi guys.
In this lesson I want to discuss auto scaling health checks now by default.
Easy to auto scaling uses the Amazon easy to status checks.
Now you'll remember from the console that when you have a running instance there's a system status check
and an instant status check.
And we then also have the instant state which is running easy to auto scaling checks.
Amazon easy to to check that the easy two instances in the running state if it is it's fine if it's
in any other state.
Auto scaling will terminate that instance and replace the instance.
Now if you use Elastic Load Balancing as well and that elastic low balance was attached to your auto
scaling group you can configure L.B. B health checks so you'll remember the ECB does its own health
checking so the elastic load balancer is sending health check requests to each of your instances and
you specify the ping protocol and port that it uses and even a path.
What happens is if a health check fails then he'll be marks that instance as out of service.
Also scaling checks LP and if it finds an instance that's out of service it terminates an instance and
replaces it.
Now when you configure Ill be health checks both types are enabled as mentioned in the comment up here
so you can even have easy to state is checks only or you can figure ESB and it uses both.
Now if it uses both both need to pass.
In other words both need to report that the instance is healthy.
Otherwise auto scanning will terminate and replaced an instance.
Now the other thing to mention is that Amazon recommend that when you're using an LP that you choose
Elastic Load Balancing as the health check option and the reason being is if you only have two status
checks it's possible that Elastic Load Balancing can find that using its health checks and instances
unhealthy but it can't report that information to auto scaling.
So the instance will be taken out of service by Elastic Load Balancing but it won't be replaced by auto
scaling.
So it's definitely recommended when using it'll be that you use LP health checks.
Now let's just go back to the console and have a look where you can figure these options.
So I've got a auto scaling group running and if I just go down select my auto skating group and go to
edit and we come down here we can see the health check type and the options are easy to or LP so if
we have easy to it will only use the easy to status checks.
And if we have LP it will use the ill be health checks and the easy to status checks.
Now of course you'd have to attach a target group for application load balancing or network load balancing
or a classic load balancer.
So that's just a quick lap on auto scaling health checks.
Key things to remember are that by default ASG uses easy to status checks.
It's recommended that you use ERP health checks if you have an elastic low balance attached and that
means that both types will be used.
And remember both Elastic Load Balancing and easy to stay checks need to report that the instance is
healthy.
Otherwise auto scaling will terminate and replace that instance.